---
published: false
---
## Genes from hybrid signature

1. **GAS7** Growth arrest-specific 7. Expressed in differentiated **brain cells**. Annotations related to this gene include **actin filament binding**.
2. **CCT6B** Chaperonin-Containing-T-Complex Polypepdtide 1, Subunit 6B. Part of chaperonin-containing complex (**heat shock proteins**). The complex folds various proteins including actin and tubulin.
3. **LAMA2** Laminin, Alpha 2. Extracellularv protein and major component of the **basement membrane**. Mediates attachment, migration and organization of cells into tissues.
4. **DNAJB9** DnaJ Heat Shock Protein Family (Hsp40) Member B9. This gene is a member of the J protein family. J proteins function in many cellular processes by regulating the ATPase activity of 70 kDa **heat shock proteins**. This gene is a member of the type 2 subgroup of DnaJ proteins. The encoded protein is localized to the endoplasmic reticulum. This protein is induced by endoplasmic reticulum stress and plays a role in protecting stressed cells from **apoptosis**.
5. **CLIC6** Chloride Intracellular Channel 6. May insert into membranes and **form chloride ion channels**. May play a critical role in water-secreting cells, possibly through the regulation of chloride ion transport. Diseases associated with CLIC6 include Deafness, Autosomal Recessive 102 and Febrile Seizures, Familial, 5. Among its related pathways are Activation of cAMP-Dependent PKA and Neuropathic Pain-Signaling in Dorsal Horn Neurons.
6. **ARHGEF5** Rho Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor 5. Strongly activates RHOA (PubMed:15601624). Also strongly activates RHOB, weakly activates RHOC and RHOG and shows no effect on RHOD, RHOV, RHOQ or RAC1 (By similarity). Involved in **regulation of cell shape and actin cytoskeletal organization** (PubMed:15601624). Plays a role in actin organization by **generating a loss of actin stress fibers and the formation of membrane ruffles and filopodia** (PubMed:14662653). Required for SRC-induced **podosome formation** (By similarity). Involved in positive **regulation of immature dendritic cell migration**.
7. **SORCS2** Sortilin Related VPS10 Domain Containing Receptor 2. This gene encodes one family member of vacuolar protein sorting 10 (VPS10) domain-containing receptor proteins. **Plays a role in the regulation of dendritic spine density in hippocampus neurons** (By similarity). Required for normal neurite branching and extension in response to BDNF (PubMed:27457814). Plays a role in BDNF-dependent hippocampal synaptic plasticity. Together with NGFR and NTRK2, is required both for BDNF-mediated synaptic long-term depression and long-term potentiation (PubMed:27457814). ProNGF binding promotes dissociation of TRIO from the heterodimer, which leads to inactivation of RAC1 and/or RAC2 and subsequent reorganization of the **actin cytoskeleton** (PubMed:22155786). Together with the retromer complex subunit VPS35, required for normal expression of GRIN2A at synapses and dendritic cell membranes. Required for normal expression of the amino acid transporter SLC1A1 at the cell membrane, and thereby contributes to protect cells against oxidative stress (By similarity)
8. **ADAMTSL2** This gene encodes a member of the ADAMTS (a disintegrin and metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs) and ADAMTS-like protein family. Members of the family share several distinct protein modules, including a propeptide region, a metalloproteinase domain, a disintegrin-like domain, and a thrombospondin type 1 (TS) motif. Individual members of this family differ in the number of C-terminal TS motifs, and some have unique C-terminal domains. The protein encoded by this gene lacks the protease domain, and is therefore of a member of the the ADAMTS-like protein subfamily. **It is a secreted glycoprotein that binds the cell surface and extracellular matrix; it also interacts with latent transforming growth factor beta binding protein 1. Mutations in this gene have been associated with geleophysic dysplasia**. [
